Add Xpath specific section (#305)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/reference/forms/app.md

| note | r_followup_note | ${r_followup_instructions} |
| end group |

## XPath

> We use [medic/openrosa-xpath-evaluator](https://github.com/medic/openrosa-xpath-evaluator) to evaluate xpath in Enketo forms. One non-standard feature is that you can concatenate string values with either the `+` operator but app builders are strongly discouraged from doing this as this feature has been deprecated. You can get more details about the XPath specification [here](https://www.w3.org/TR/xpath/) and supported ODK Spath operators [here](https://getodk.github.io/xforms-spec/#xpath-operators).

Reviewer: It'd be good to explain that the deprecated feature will be removed to really motivate people to stop using it. Also it's better to avoid using "here" as link text as it doesn't describe where the link goes: https://medium.com/@heyoka/dont-use-click-here-f32f445d1021

```suggestion
We use [medic/openrosa-xpath-evaluator](https://github.com/medic/openrosa-xpath-evaluator) to evaluate xpath in Enketo forms. One non-standard feature is that you can concatenate string values with either the `+` operator but app builders are strongly discouraged from doing this as this feature has been deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Read more about the [XPath specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/xpath/) and supported [ODK XPath operators](https://getodk.github.io/xforms-spec/#xpath-operators).
```
